Add sendNotification parameter to createlink api to enable email sending feature for createlink (#20049)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-createlink.md

|expirationDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Optional. A String with format of yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ of DateTime indicates the expiration time of the permission.|
|password|String|Optional.The password of the sharing link that is set by the creator.|

> |recipients|[driveRecipient](../resources/driverecipient.md) collection|Optional. A collection of recipients who will receive access to the sharing link.|

Reviewer: Hi @yifanwu-microsoft , can you please make sure this action topic documents the same parameters that are already defined in the beta metadata? It's currently missing the message and retainInheritedPermissions.

<Action Name="createLink" IsBound="true">
<Parameter Name="bindingParameter" Type="graph.driveItem"/>
<Parameter Name="type" Type="Edm.String" Unicode="false"/>
<Parameter Name="scope" Type="Edm.String" Unicode="false"/>
<Parameter Name="expirationDateTime" Type="Edm.DateTimeOffset"/>
<Parameter Name="password" Type="Edm.String" Unicode="false"/>
<Parameter Name="message" Type="Edm.String" Unicode="false"/>
<Parameter Name="recipients" Type="Collection(graph.driveRecipient)"/>
<Parameter Name="retainInheritedPermissions" Type="Edm.Boolean"/>
<ReturnType Type="graph.permission"/>
</Action>

Reviewer: And please also indicate if any of those parameters are optional.

Optional or not, please also include those parameters in the example request body.

Author: Hi, @angelgolfer-ms Thanks for your reply.

So I am not the owner of the parameter "message and retainInheritedPermissions".
May I ask that do I need also to unify all the parameter across the createlink api? Because I don't have any context of those parameters.

Reviewer: HI @yifanwu-microsoft , thanks for researching into the 2 properties missing in this Properties table, and adding the docs for retainInheritedPermissions. 
On our Teams chat, I suggested what we should do with the message parameter.

Reviewer: Oh, @yifanwu-microsoft , can you also add the retainInheritedPermissions to the v1.0 topic as well? Thanks.

Reviewer 2: hi @yifanwu-microsoft, I still don't see the parameter "message". I'll appreciate that if you cannot address any of our observations to add a comment next to our feedback.

> |sendNotification|Boolean|Optional. If true, a [sharing link](../resources/permission.md#sharing-links) is sent to the recipient. Only works with recipients on OneDrive for Business and SharePoint for now.|

Reviewer 3: remove "for now" for public documentation

Author: Done. Thanks!

|expirationDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Optional. A String with format of yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ of DateTime indicates the expiration time of the permission.|
|password|String|Optional.The password of the sharing link that is set by the creator.|
|recipients|[driveRecipient](../resources/driverecipient.md) collection|Optional. A collection of recipients who will receive access to the sharing link.|
|sendNotification|Boolean|If `true`, a [sharing link](../resources/permission.md#sharing-links) is sent to the recipient. Only works with recipients on OneDrive for Business and SharePoint. `false` is by default. Optional.|

> | retainInheritedPermissions |  boolean                       | If `true`, any current existing inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing this item for the first time. If `false`, all existing permissions are removed when sharing for the first time. `true` is by default. Optional. |

Reviewer: Line 62:
@yifanwu-microsoft , please change the sentence "`true` is by default" to "The default is `true`."

> | retainInheritedPermissions |  boolean                       | If `true`, any current existing inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing this item for the first time. If `false`, all existing permissions are removed when sharing for the first time. The default is `true`. Optional. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| retainInheritedPermissions |  boolean                       | If `true`, any current inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing the item for the first time. If `false`, all current permissions are removed when sharing for the first time. The default is `true`. Optional. |
```

### Example 1: Create an anonymous sharing link
The following example requests a sharing link to be created for the **driveItem** specified by {itemId} in the user's OneDrive.
The sharing link is configured to be read-only and usable by anyone with the link.

> For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint user, we can use sendNotification parameter to create a sharing link and send this sharing link to the recipients with your email.

Reviewer 3: Change to something like "For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint, use sendNotification parameter to create a sharingLink, sharingLink is then sent to recipients via email"

Author: Done

### Example 1: Create an anonymous sharing link
The following example requests a sharing link to be created for the **driveItem** specified by {itemId} in the user's OneDrive.
The sharing link is configured to be read-only and usable by anyone with the link.

> For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint user, use sendNotification parameter to create a sharingLink, sharingLink is then sent to recipients via email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint users, use the sendNotification parameter to create a sharingLink, the sharingLink is then sent to recipients via email.
```
